[ Music ]
[ Background Sounds ]
>> Dao Xiong: Well, my name's Dao Xiong, and
I'm a multi-cultural [inaudible] here working
with the Asian-American families of children
with disability here in the Minnesota.
I was originally from Laos, and I am parents
of seven children including a
daughter with [inaudible] disability.
My daughter with [inaudible] disability has
an episode of high fever by the age of one,
and after that, she show some
significant delay in speech and physical.
So she spoke words by the age three
and walk by the age three and a half.
During the time, I was young,
and I didn't know what to do,
but I learn a lot about her disability
by seeking psychological evaluation
and also [inaudible] evaluation,
and it was quite a challenge to do,
but I manage to do well as
being a young parents.
And it is not easy to do those thing,
but combine those resource together,
I feel more happier today
for what I did back then.
As parents, we all expect the
child to be healthy and bright
and be successful in school and in life.
So accepting her disability did
not just happen momentarily.
Once you saw some of the delay,
it did not happen that way.
I learn a lot about how she grew and how she
manage herself and how she function herself
in home and in the school setting.
So it is quite a challenge
to do all those thing.
What I, at the same time I expect all my seven
children to be successful in school, however,
for her, I understand that her life will
be limit because she has a disability.
But, however, I also have high
expectation of her to do well
in school based on her ability to learn.